a crowded area R under attack Israeli
Jets targeted a road leading to a market
plunging a refuge for Palestinians into
chaos and
[Applause]
despair my family and I were in the car
all of a sudden a missile was fired on
us and we flew up in the air some of
them were killed and others
injured in a zaa buo removed the rule
helping the search for
survivors Israeli forces destroyed this
three-story building in central Gaza
killing many in
sight the rubble was on us we didn't
know what was happening our neighbors
about 50 people were inside mostly women
and children we are praying to find
survivors my father mother and
5-year-old daughter are among the
victims what wrong did those innocent
children do for survivors deliveries of
food are entally needed because of the
acute level of hanger and medical
supplies need to arrive to T abum Al
jazer Rafa in southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer